# http://www.androidicons.com/

THANK YOU for downloading the Androidicons Developer Iconfont!

We would love to hear about the awesome projects you create with a little support from our font. If you implement icons from the font into your app or website, please be so kind to let us know, so we can salute and applaud you.

Androidicons is a product by Opoloo. You can follow our Twitter feed at @opoloo, our G+ site at google.com/+Opoloo, or contact us via mail at info@opoloo.com concerning any questions or suggestions.


# How to use the iconfont

##STEP 1

Copy the font-files (.ttf, .eot, .svg and .woff) into your project folder.

##STEP 2

Add the font CSS file (androidicons.css) to your HTML document or import it to your exsiting CSS file.

##STEP 3

Use CSS-classes, Unicodes or HTML-Entities to display the icons. Style them with CSS (font-size, color, etc.).

This webfont is generated by http://fontello.com open source project.


# Comments on archive content

* _/font/_ - fonts in different formats
* _/css/_  - different kinds of css, for all situations. Should be ok with twitter bootstrap. Also, you can skip <i> style and assign icon classes directly to text elements, if you don't mind about IE7.
* demo.html - demo file, to show your webfont content
* LICENSE.txt - license info about source fonts, used to build your one.
* config.json - keeps your settings. You can import it back to fontello anytime, to continue your work


# Why so many CSS files?

Because we like to fit all your needs :)

* basic file, _<your_font_name>.css_ - is usually enougth, in contains @font-face and character codes definition
* \*-ie7.css - if you need IE7 support, but still don't wish to put char codes directly into html
* \*-codes.css and *-ie7-codes.css - if you like to use your own @font-face rules, but still wish to benefit of css generation. That can be very convenient for automated assets build systems. When you need to update font - no needs to manually edit files, just override old version with archive content. See fontello source codes for example.
* \*-embedded.css - basic css file, but with embedded WOFF font, to avoid CORS issues in Firefox and IE9+, when fonts are hosted on the separate domain. We strongly recommend to resolve this issue by `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` server headers. But if you ok with dirty hack - this file is for you. Note, that data url moved to separate @font-face to avoid problems with <IE9, when string is too long.
* animate.css - use it to get ideas about spinner rotation animation.


# Attention for server setup

You MUST setup server to reply with proper `mime-types` for font files. In other case, some browsers will fail to show fonts.

Usually, `apache` already has necessary settings, but `nginx` and other webservers should be tuned. Here is list of mime types for our file extentions:

* `application/vnd.ms-fontobject` - eot
* `application/x-font-woff` - woff
* `application/x-font-ttf` - ttf
* `image/svg+xml` - svg

