# Android Developer Icons
Android Developer Icons is a custom icon set, created by [Opoloo](http://www.opoloo.com/). Included are:
* 250 hand-crafted, pixel-perfect icons in 5 sizes and 14 colors
* an icon font, made from the set
* all sources: .svg, .ai, .eps, .eot, .ttf, .woff

## How to get the set

### Step 1
Download the set. Take a look at the preview of all glyphs and  codes at [androidicons.com](http://androidicons.com/).
### Step 2
Copy the font files (.ttf, .eot, .svg and .woff) and the CSS file into your project folder.
### Step 3
Add the font CSS file (androidicons.css) to your HTML document or import it to your exiting CSS file.
### Step 4
Use CSS classes, unicodes or HTML-Entities to display the icons. Style them with CSS (font-size, color, etc.).

## Icon Font
### How to use the iconfont
#### Step 1
Copy the font files (.ttf, .eot, .svg and .woff) into your project folder.

#### Step 2
Add the font CSS file (androidicons.css) to your HTML document or import it to your exiting CSS file.

#### Step 3
Use CSS classes, unicodes or HTML-Entities to display the icons. Style them with CSS (font-size, color, etc.).

This web font is generated by http://fontello.com open source project.


#### Comments on archive content
* _/font/_ - fonts in different formats
* _/css/_  - different kinds of css for all your needs. Should be ok with twitter bootstrap. Also, you can skip <i> style and assign icon classes directly to text elements if you don’t mind trouble in IE7.
* demo.html - demo file to show your web font content
* LICENSE.txt - license info about source fonts
* config.json - keeps your settings. You can import it back to fontello anytime to continue your work


#### Why so many CSS files?

Because we like to make it fit all your needs.

* basic file, _<your_font_name>.css_ - is usually enough, it contains @font-face and character codes definition
* \*-ie7.css - if you need IE7 support, but still don’t want to put chart codes directly into html
* \*-codes.css and *-ie7-codes.css - if you like to use your own @font-face rules but still wish to benefit from CSS generation. This can be very convenient for automated assets build systems. When you need to update the font, there’s no need to manually edit files, just override your old version with archive content. See fontello source codes for example.
* \*-embedded.css - basic css file, but with embedded WOFF font, to avoid CORS issues in Firefox and IE9+ when fonts are hosted on the separate domain. We strongly recommend to resolve this issue by `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` server headers. But if you’re OK with a dirty hack, this file is for you. Note that data url is moved to a separate @font-face to avoid problems with <IE9, when the string is too long.
* animate.css - use it to get ideas about spinner rotation animation.


#### Attention for server setup
You MUST setup server to reply with proper `mime-types` for font files. If you don’t, some browsers will fail to show fonts.

Usually, `apache` already has all the necessary settings, but `nginx` and other web servers should be tuned. Here is list of mime types for our file extentions:

* `application/vnd.ms-fontobject` - eot
* `application/x-font-woff` - woff
* `application/x-font-ttf` - ttf
* `image/svg+xml` - svg



## License
[Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International CC BY-SA 4.0]
(http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

## More
We‘re always happy to hear from you, whether it’s a question about the icon set or giving us a heads-up where you used our beautiful little icons in a project. If you like, follow us at [Google+](https://plus.google.com/u/0/b/104776915031333350956/+Opoloo/posts), on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Opoloo), or [shoot us an email](mailto: info@opoloo.com). 